{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Biker Maps is an app that is designed to allow you and other users to share their favorite rides with each other.
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Create New Route
\f0\b0 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 To create a new route tap on the CREATE NEW ROUTE button. This will take you to a map screen of North America.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Zoom in to the starting location of your favorite route.\'a0\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Align the pin to the starting location and tap the SELECT button in the bottom right corner. 
\f2\b Please do not use your home as the starting or ending location.
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Zoom out and back in to the ending location of the route. Again center the pin on the ending location and tap select.\'a0\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Select a midpoint location (This ensures the mapping software creates the route you want rather than just mapping the shortest route between the start and end points). Center the pin with the midpoint and tap select.\'a0\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Inspect the rendered route to make sure it is the route you want. If it is not the correct route, tap the back button in the top left and then tap CREATE NEW ROUTE again. If it is the correct route, tap NEXT.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Enter the details of your route, including a name, the best type of cycle, and route rating according to its scenery, road/trail conditions, and overall enjoyability. You will not be able to save the route until all of these requirements are met. You will also have the option to include some notes.\'a0\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Tap the SAVE button in the top right corner of the screen. This will take you back to the launch screen where you will have the option to create another route or view previously created routes including the one you just made.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Existing Routes
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Here, you can view routes that you and/or others have created, along with their starting and ending cities. To view the details of each route just tap on its row. You will then be taken to a screen showing the route map along with the overall distance and ratings. Find one that you like and then go check it out. 
\f1\fs24 \
}